# New-VSDMSEventSubscription

## SYNOPSIS
Adds an AWS::DMS::EventSubscription resource to the template.
Use the AWS::DMS::EventSubscription resource to get notifications for AWS Database Migration Service events through the Amazon Simple Notification Service.
For more information, see Using AWS DMS Event Notification: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Events.html in the *AWS Database Migration Service User Guide.*

## SYNTAX

```
New-VSDMSEventSubscription [-LogicalId] <String> [-SourceType <Object>] [-EventCategories <Object>]
 [-Enabled <Boolean>] [-SubscriptionName <Object>] -SnsTopicArn <Object> [-SourceIds <Object>] [-Tags <Object>]
 [-DeletionPolicy <String>] [-DependsOn <String[]>] [-Metadata <Object>] [-UpdatePolicy <Object>]
 [-Condition <Object>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Adds an AWS::DMS::EventSubscription resource to the template.
Use the AWS::DMS::EventSubscription resource to get notifications for AWS Database Migration Service events through the Amazon Simple Notification Service.
For more information, see Using AWS DMS Event Notification: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Events.html in the *AWS Database Migration Service User Guide.*

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -LogicalId
The logical ID must be alphanumeric (A-Za-z0-9) and unique within the template.
Use the logical name to reference the resource in other parts of the template.
For example, if you want to map an Amazon Elastic Block Store volume to an Amazon EC2 instance, you reference the logical IDs to associate the block stores with the instance.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SourceType
The type of AWS DMS resource that generates the events.
For example, if you want to be notified of events generated by a replication instance, you set this parameter to replication-instance.
If this value is not specified, all events are returned.
Valid values: replication-instance | migration-task

Documentation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-dms-eventsubscription.html#cfn-dms-eventsubscription-sourcetype
PrimitiveType: String
UpdateType: Mutable

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EventCategories
A list of event categories for a source type that you want to subscribe to.
If you don't specify this property, you are notified about all event categories.
For more information, see Working with Events and Notifications: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Events.html in the *AWS Database Migration Service User Guide.*

PrimitiveItemType: String
Type: List
Documentation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-dms-eventsubscription.html#cfn-dms-eventsubscription-eventcategories
UpdateType: Mutable

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Enabled
Indicates whether to activate the subscription.
If you don't specify this property, AWS CloudFormation activates the subscription.

Documentation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-dms-eventsubscription.html#cfn-dms-eventsubscription-enabled
PrimitiveType: Boolean
UpdateType: Mutable

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionName
The name of the AWS DMS event notification subscription.
Constraints: The name must be less than 255 characters.

Documentation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-dms-eventsubscription.html#cfn-dms-eventsubscription-subscriptionname
PrimitiveType: String
UpdateType: Immutable

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SnsTopicArn
The Amazon Resource Name ARN of the Amazon SNS topic created for event notification.
The ARN is created by Amazon SNS when you create a topic and subscribe to it.

Documentation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-dms-eventsubscription.html#cfn-dms-eventsubscription-snstopicarn
PrimitiveType: String
UpdateType: Mutable

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SourceIds
The list of identifiers of the event sources for which events will be returned.
If not specified, then all sources are included in the response.
An identifier must begin with a letter and must contain only ASCII letters, digits, and hyphens; it cannot end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.

PrimitiveItemType: String
Type: List
Documentation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-dms-eventsubscription.html#cfn-dms-eventsubscription-sourceids
UpdateType: Immutable

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tags
A tag to be attached to the event subscription.

Type: List
Documentation: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-dms-eventsubscription.html#cfn-dms-eventsubscription-tags
ItemType: Tag
UpdateType: Immutable

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DeletionPolicy
With the DeletionPolicy attribute you can preserve or (in some cases) backup a resource when its stack is deleted.
You specify a DeletionPolicy attribute for each resource that you want to control.
If a resource has no DeletionPolicy attribute, AWS CloudFormation deletes the resource by default.

To keep a resource when its stack is deleted, specify Retain for that resource.
You can use retain for any resource.
For example, you can retain a nested stack, S3 bucket, or EC2 instance so that you can continue to use or modify those resources after you delete their stacks.

You must use one of the following options: "Delete","Retain","Snapshot"

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DependsOn
With the DependsOn attribute you can specify that the creation of a specific resource follows another.
When you add a DependsOn attribute to a resource, that resource is created only after the creation of the resource specified in the DependsOn attribute.

This parameter takes a string or list of strings representing Logical IDs of resources that must be created prior to this resource being created.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Metadata
The Metadata attribute enables you to associate structured data with a resource.
By adding a Metadata attribute to a resource, you can add data in JSON or YAML to the resource declaration.
In addition, you can use intrinsic functions (such as GetAtt and Ref), parameters, and pseudo parameters within the Metadata attribute to add those interpreted values.

You must use a PSCustomObject containing key/value pairs here.
This will be returned when describing the resource using AWS CLI.

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UpdatePolicy
Use the UpdatePolicy attribute to specify how AWS CloudFormation handles updates to the AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup resource.
AWS CloudFormation invokes one of three update policies depending on the type of change you make or whether a scheduled action is associated with the Auto Scaling group.

You must use the "Add-UpdatePolicy" function here.

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Condition
Logical ID of the condition that this resource needs to be true in order for this resource to be provisioned.

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Vaporshell.Resource.DMS.EventSubscription
## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-dms-eventsubscription.html](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-dms-eventsubscription.html)

